---
layout: post
title: T1 (Trump)
description: T1 (Trump) CBD Hemp Flower additional information.
date: 2020-02-06
category: educational
image: Flower/T1-Trump-CBD-Hemp-Flower-Banner.jpg
permalink: /educational/:title/
---
<h2>Overview</h2>

<p>Our T1 AKA ‘Trump’ Hemp flower, is sourced from small, specialist, craft hemp flower growers. State registered, licensed, and legally compliant. It’s hand-trimmed & slow cured for the best possible quality, taste, powerful effects, and demanding standards our customers expect. These T1 hemp flowers smell absolutely divine, they’re covered in trichomes, and beautiful and frosty. Exactly how you like them!</p>

<p>We know you’ll absolutely love this strain of hemp flower, and you’ll be wanting more!</p>

<p>These buds get delivered in recyclable glass jars with childproof lids.</p>

<h2>General Introduction to T1: AKA: Trump 1</h2>
<p>T1 is named after the 45th President of the United States. One thing is for sure; it packs a real punch, highly famed for it’s couch-lock effects.</p>

<p>This high CBD strain is often described as “medicinal hemp/cannabis” to differentiate it from industrial hemp, primarily bred for seed and fiber. Absolutely no fake news here!</p>

<h2>Genetics:</h2>

<p>The Wife ‘x’ the Afghan Skunk – Indica Hybrid</p>

<h2>Appearance</h2>
<p>Distinct mottled hues of browns, greens, yellows & orange. Almost indistinguishable from marijuana. She looks the business and performs as well as she looks. Covered in trichomes, hairy with an abundance of lighter orange pistils. The product photos are of the actual batch on sale; some variations will occur. The second image is the sample sent to the lab. Some super-dense flowers internally, a little open at first glance.</p>

<h2>Smell</h2>
<p>Displaying characteristics from both its parent strains, being heavy on the terpene profile, and real depth, you’ll get fresh hops, spicy cinnamon, with woody pine and a hint of mint too. Really refreshing, sweet, and pungent as you might expect from such lineage.</p>

<h2>Taste</h2>

<p>T1 Trump is the perfect combination of its parent strains. Carrying floral sweetness from the Wife, Skunky with aromatic characteristics of orange citrus, ripe berry followed by earth and wood & pepperiness. T1 has to be one of the most flavorful and complex strains out there.</p>

<h2>Effects</h2>

<p>Keeping you feeling calm and relaxed, suppressing any negative feelings you might be dealing with, layered with focus, concentration, clarity, sense of well-being. T1 will give you a full-body effect, which can result in couch-lock.  T1 is one hemp strain guaranteed to satisfy almost anyone.</p>

<h2>Cannabinoid Profile</h2>

<ul>
<li>CBD/CBDa – 1.21%/18.50% Post Decarb: 17.44%</li>
<li>CBGA – .42%</li>
<li>CBG – .02%</li>
<li>CBN – .02%</li>
<li>D9-THC – 0.29%</li>
<li>THCA – 0.88%</li>
</ul>

<p>Total Measured Cannabinoids 21.51%</p>

<p>Total THC = THCa * 0.877 + d9-THC. Total CBD = CBDa * 0.877 + CBD<br />
LOQ = Limit of Quantitation; The reported result is based on a sample weight with the applicable moisture content for that sample; Unless otherwise stated all quality control samples performed within specifications established by the Laboratory.</p>

<h2>Top 5 Terpenes</h2>
<ul>
<li>β-Myrcene, β-Caryophyllene, α-Pinene, δ-Limonene, α-Humulene</li>
</ul>

<h2>Terpene Profile</h2>
<ul>
<li>β-Myrcene – 9.6 mg/g</li>
<li>β-Caryophyllene – 3.4 mg/g</li>
<li>α-Pinene – 2.7 mg/g</li>
<li>δ-Limonene – 2.0 mg/g</li>
<li>α-Humulene – 1.6 mg/g</li>
<li>Eucalyptol – 0.5 mg/g</li>
<li>Camphene – 0.3 mg/g</li>
<li>Terpinolene – 0.2 mg/g</li>
<li>γ-Terpinene – 0.2 mg/g</li>
<li>Caryophyllene Oxide – 0.0 mg/g trace above or on LOQ</li>
</ul>

<p><strong>Total Measured Terpenes</strong> 1.7%</p>
<p><strong>Flower Bud Sizes:</strong> A little on the smaller/medium size, some large and small mixed. Well trimmed and quite dense, a little open in areas.</p>

<a href="{{site.url}}/store/health-wellness/flower/" class="btn btn-md btn-info">Go Shopping</a>
